Allow '0' in `decimals` option for `NumberField` and add test for negative decimals (#188)
21TORR/StoryblokBundle: CHANGELOG.md

3.21.3
======

> * (bug) Allow '0' in `decimals` option for `NumberField`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (bug) Properly support '0' in `decimals` and `minValue` option for `NumberField`
```
